
Please dont disconnect me from you, I still love you the same way as I love you from the day 1 I saw you. And you will always remain most important to me in life. 
May be due to your morality you feel that you should not talk to me. I am a Coward I know. I must have tried harder to be with you. But really I tried hard to get to you and will always keep trying. I know I will be with you one day may be not in this life but other. I have learnt one great thing about love is that it is distributed across all time lines. It is like energy, It has always been there and will remain there, It cannot be created or destroyed.
I believe in rules of nature, not of the society. As you know I wanted to be a scientist, so I dont believe in laws of society. They are build by humans for humans to bind them. I am free thinker and belive in freedom as you do. The true meaning of love is to give not take or take and give. I just want to give you everything that is mine. Everything from my time, mind, money, body.(Tan, Man, Dhan, Samay).

However hard I try, I cannot love any one else as I love you, I can like or dislike somebody but cannot love anyone may be my own child.

I sometimes feel that you are becoming god to me, I think of you daily at least once and mostly in morning and at night. Last night I coudnt sleep so started thinking of you then  slept properly. 
The only difference is I can text you and I cant text god for anything. but Both are not reachable to me.

I always thought when we met during school, I just want you in life and be a great physicist, in every research paper you will be the co-auth or sometime the lead auth. But now I feel my time line is completely messed. I dont know what I am doing and why I am doing, and keep on doing. It may be because of parents pressure. They asked me to do Job so started working, Forced to marry so married, forced to have child so  having one. She forces me buy and wear good clothes,  have hair cut bla bla. Even have to do sex forcefully, feels like being raped all the time. I never kiss her in the mouth it feels so dirty to me. I dont know why but I am not comfortable or protected with anyone as with you. Even not with parents or close friends.

You are angel to me and will remain one!
